---
layout:     post   				    
title:      本尼迪克特·康伯巴奇 				
subtitle:   约翰·华生婚礼上的演讲 
date:       2018-08-14 				
author:     Chauncey 						
header-img: img/sherlock01.jpg 	
catalog: true 						
tags:							
    - 演讲
---

>《Sherlock》第三季第二季 The sign of three  

**Ladies and gentlemen, family and friends,and...um, others**;

**John Watson. My friend John Watson. John... When John first broached the subject of being Best Man, I was confused**.

**I confess at first i didn't realize he was asking me, when finally i understood i expressd to him that i was both flattered and surprised. I explained to him that i'd never expected this request and i was a little daunted in the face of it**.

**I nonetheless promised that i would do my very best to accomplish a task which was, for me,as demanding and difficult as any i had ever contemplated. Additionally, i thanked him for the trust he placed in me and indicated that i was, in some way,very close to being moved by it.**

**It later transpired that i'd said none of this out loud.**

**I'm afraid John, i can't congratulate you. All emotions and in  particular love, stand opposed to the pure,cold reason i hold above all things. A wedding is, in my considered opinion, nothing short of a celebration of all that is false and specious and irrational and sentimental in this ailing and morally compromised world. Today we honor the deathwatch bettle that is the doom of our society and in time one feels certain our entire speccies. But anyway, let's talk about John.**

**If i burden myself with a little helpmate during my adventures, this is not out of sentiment or caprice, it is that he has many fine qualities of his own, that he has overlooked in  his obsession with me.**

**Indeed, any reputation i have for mental acuity and sharpness comes in truth, form the extraordinary contrast John so selflessly provides. It is a fact, i believe, that brides tend to favor exceptionally plain bridesmaids for their big day. There is a certain analogy there, i feel, and contrast is, after all, God's own plan to enhance the beauty of his creation. Or it would be if God were not a ludicrous fantasy designed to provide a career oppotunity for the family idiot.** 

**The point i'm trying to make is that i am the most unpleasant, rude, ignorant, and all round obnoxious asshole that anyone could possibly have misfortune to meet. I'm dismissive of the virtuous, unware of the beautiful and uncomprehending in the face of the happy. So if i didn't understand i was being asked to be Best Man. It is because i never expected to be anybody's best friend. And certainly not the best friend of the bravast and kindest and wisest human being i have ever had the good fortune of knowing.**

**John, i am ridiculous man. Redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of your friendship. But as i am apparently your best friend, i cannot congratulate you on your choice of companion. Actually, now i can.**

**Marry, when i say you deserve this man, it is the highest compliment of which i am capable. John, you have endure war and injury and tragic loss, so sorry again about that last one, so know is-today you sit between the woman you have made your wife and the man you have saved. In short, the two people who love you most in all this world, and i know i speak for Marry as well when i say, we will never let you down. And we have a lifetime ahead to prove that.**

Now onto some funny stories abouot John. So for funny stories on has to look no further than John's blog. The record of our time together. Of course, he does tend to romanticize things a lot, but then you know he's a romantic. We've tackkled some strange cases, The Hollow Client, The Poison Giant We've had some frustrating cases. Touching cases. And of course i have to mention the elephant in the room. But we want something very particular for this special day, don't we? The Bloody Guardsman...

I probably should have told you about the elephant in the room. However, it does help to further illustrate how invaluable John is to me. I can read a crime scene the way he can understand a human being. I used to think that's what made me special, quite frankly i still do. But a word to the wise, should any of you require the services of either of us, i will solve your murder, but it takes John Waston to save your life. Trust me on that i should know, he's saved mine so many times and in so many ways.

This blog... is the story of two men and their, frankly,ridiculous adventures. Of murder, mystery and mayhem. But froom now on. there's a new story. A bigger adventure.

Ladies and gentlemen, Pray charge your glasses and be upstanding. Today begin the adventures of Mary Elizabeth Waston and John Hamish Waston.

I have never made a vow in my life, and after tonight i never will again. So, here in front of you all. my first and last vow. Mary and John,whatever it takes, whatever happens, from now on, i swear i will always be there, always, forall three of you.



**(未完待续)**



